I said you're nasty
Zhang Shaobei has general knowledge of him
We'll teach you a lesson later.
Get him on his knees and apologize
Are you sure Liao Fan is one against four?
Just these four stinky fish and rotten shrimp
No problem, hahahaha, ouch, I said Mr. Gao
What brand is this new little security guard you found?
Better than the last one.
The previous one has big arms and round waist.
It's just a high paraplegic
You have this bamboo pole.
I'm afraid of being reincarnated directly with one punch
Hahahaha
Fanfan, restrain yourself
Zhang Shao's four bodyguards
But they are all first-class experts in Jinghai
The kind that kills a cow with one punch
I, Liao Fan
If you feel unsure
You can quit.
I'll handle this myself.
Don't die
Don't worry.
I said no problem, little boy
I owe this life and death certificate an hour
Underground garage pick up
I'll show you what heaven and earth are
Boy, you are optimistic
It's life and death.
Don't pee your pants in fright, hahahaha.
Remember to type 120 in advance later.
Get ready for 4 unit prices.
Mr. Gao, then I will check first.
See you in an hour.
Let's go
Senior sister and junior brother
You you you you
i
I am now Xiao Chen, the delivery staff.
Xiao Chen, didn't I ask you to go to the tree?
Has everyone else come to Jinhai?
Cao Lin's remnants are stronger than imagined
The 18 kings by the tree are half here
I guess it's another bloodbath
Junior Brother
This senior sister has never had a family for half her life
After this warrior is over
If I hadn't died
I want to have a baby with you